As this directory is a bit complex, I will try to summarize what happened here.

The objective of this code is to create a dictionary that links Loteca team
names into BetExplorer team names. This will later facilitate the process of
linking the matches from Loteca into the matches from BetExplorer.

We took a conservative approach, only making two teams equals if:

1. They are country teams and the translations match. This was made by hand (and
     there's not much data), so, we can be sure that there were no errors.

2. They are international teams (not from brazil) and their names match exactly.
     There might be some errors here

3. They are brazilian teams and their states and names match exactly. I think it
     will be quite hard for a name and state to match wrongly at the same time,
     so this approach is quite robust.

During the process of extracting the names, we gave the following denominations
to the stages of processing the string:

- string: raw name of the team, as you'd expect to find in the BetExplorer site
    or in the BetExplorer site. The tokens are present here. Examples:
    'ATLÉTICO/MG JÚNIOR' (Loteca) or 'Atletico-MG U20' (BetExplorer).

- name: raw name of the team, but, without the tokens. Examples: 'ATLÉTICO'
    (Loteca) or 'Atletico-MG' (BetExplorer). Notice that the BetExplorer state
    makes part of the team name, and couldn't be extracted as a token.

- fname (formatted name): 'name' after it's gone through some processing. This
    is done before matching names from different sources (we just compare
    'fnames', not 'names'. Examples: 'atletico' (Loteca) or 'atletico-mg'
    (BetExplorer).

We also created some objects that were useful in storing and manipulating team
information:

- Team

A tuple consisting of 'fname', 'name', 'string' and 'tokens', where tokens is
an instance of the class below.

- Tokens

A tuple consisting of ['state', 'country', 'am', 'under', 'women']. All these
tokens are extracted from the team 'string'. State and country are strings.
Under is an integer. Am and women are boolean. More information is present in
the file Loteca/data/interim/teams/Loteca.py
