As this directory contains code that is a bit complicated, I will try to
summarize what happened here.

The main objective of the code present here is (by now) to create a dictionary
that maps Loteca team names into BetExplorer team names. This will make possible
to link the matches present in the Loteca rounds with the matches that are
present in the BetExplorer site.

But also, we wanna take a clean approach and discover the max we can from the
names of the teams only. That is, we don't intend to link the matches from one
source to another just right now, as we can do it later and we are going to NEED
to use the dictionary for it.


Now, for how the names are disposed... In Loteca there are three kinds of teams:

- national country teams

These teams are the teams for the countries. They are written in the
form 'BRASIL' or 'PORTUGAL' or whatever. They are the easier to map, beacause
there are so few values that we could create a dictionary directly, mapping the
porguese team names to the english team names. Some modifications were
necessary, but, that was quite trivial.

- international teams

These are teams that play in another countries, but are not the countries
themselves. They are of the form 'BARCELONA/ESP' or 'LIVERPOOL/ING'. As there
are few in our dataset, we matched those only by their name, forgetting about
the country. If the name in the Loteca dataset can be contained in the name in
the BetExplorer dataset, or vice-versa, we consider the two teams to be equal.
Unfortunately, there's the case where more then one match is found. In this
case, we didn't assign any values to the Loteca team.

- brazilian teams

These are the hardest to match, as they come with a state, that is pretty
important. Examples are 'ATLÉTICO/MG' or 'SÃO PAULO/SP'. The process for
matching these teams was quite similar to the process of matching international
teams, with the difference that here we have the rule that, for two teams to be
equal, thei state must be the same. We used information from the BetExplorer
leagues to determine where each of its teams are from.


During the process of extracting the names, we gave the following denominations
to the stages of processing the string:

- string

This is the string that represents the name of the team as it is, with no
processing or whatever. We expect to find it exactly as it is on the site or on
the Loteca page. For example: 'ATLÉTICO/MG' (Loteca) or 'Atletico-MG'
(BetExplorer).

- name

This is the name of the team, as extracted from the 'string', but not yet
processed. For example: 'ATLÉTICO' (Loteca) or 'Atletico-MG' (BetExplorer)

- fname (formatted name)

This is the name after it's gone through some processing to standardize the
entries and make it possible to match Loteca and BetExplorer teams. For example,
we have 'atletico' (Loteca) or 'atletico-mg' (BetExplorer)


We also created some objects that were useful in storing and manipulating team
information:

- FTeam

A tuple consisting of 'fname' and 'state', where 'state' is the state of the
team. This was used to compare brazilian teams among themselves.

- Tokens

A tuple consisting of 'under' and 'women'. 'under' is an integer that represents
if the team is under some age (the value of 'under'). 'women' is a boolean that
indicates whether the team is a women's team or not.


Notes:

This process is not that straightforward, so, it may be subject to revision at
anytime. We just gotta make an algorithm that identify teams by their matches
right now and then compare or confirm it with our results. In the end, we expect
to have a big number of matches covered!


End smile =)
